[Music]
now to choose the best hairstyle for
your face there's nothing better than
emerging from the salon and feeling like
a million dollars if you want to change
your appearance and try something new
the best advice is to be bold however
first you should explore what works best
for your face shape also according to a
study your hair is an accurate
reflection of your personality watch the
video to find out whether or not this is
true first let's see which hairstyle
suits your face an oval actually any
hairstyle works for an oval-shaped face
however to emphasize your best features
you should go for one of the following
hairstyles medium length hair light
waves or a bob
[Music]
a circle if you have a round face you
should try to make it look longer don't
cut your hair shorter than the level of
your chin are you ready to finally find
your ideal haircut here they are long
straight hair a long fringe and a long
wavy ponytail a rectangle a rectangle
face has a defined chin and cheekbones
here are three hairstyles that work best
for this kind of face long hair with the
fringe medium waves and a fringe or
above with a fringe
a heart a v-shaped face is defined by a
distinctive chin try the following
hairstyles to draw more attention to
your cheeks and eyes medium length flow
medium length curls and a side ponytail
diamond if you have a diamond shaped
face it's a good idea to soften the
appearance of the cheeks and avoid
accentuating straight lines try one of
these styles medium length with side
parting a thick fringe with waves or
pixie style square you need to soften
sharp corners to make your face look
rounder here are the hairstyles that
cover the cheeks and work best for you
multiple layers long curls and a short
sideways fringe now let's see how the
length of your hair connects to your
personality and daily habits let's
figure out what your hairstyle can
reveal about you pixie cut or very short
hair you're a confident sociable flirty
and pleasant person you find it very
easy to meet new people and make new
friends you love jobs that allow you to
emphasize your intelligence and you know
how to face problems with integrity and
self-control however sometimes you act
without thinking
Bob cut or above the shoulder hairstyle
you are a straight forward person who
speaks the truth even when it hurts you
can find a balance between your personal
and professional life you are fearless
and organized but you can't stand
routine you don't have complexes and you
like to experience new things sometimes
you act before you think that can make
you stumble shoulder-length cut you are
happy with your feminine elegant and
sophisticated appearance you love to
talk and your natural beauty attracts
everyone who crosses your path you like
challenges and new projects and you are
an expert in starting new friendships
and maintaining them long or very long
hair you are very careful patient and
dreamy in love you seek a long-term
relationship and give your all but you
are also very selective you fight for
your dreams and you do the impossible to
achieve your goals your perseverance
will help you achieve everything you
want would you agree with us on these
points let us know in the comments below
the video don't forget to give this
video a thumbs up and click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life
[Music]